01/23/12 12:11 PM medent‘. Faxo (330).-225-5531+ Page 2 of 2 IWIB75 as

Eaisatlowl

COLONOSCOPY PROCEDURE
ENDOSCOPY CENTER OF NORTHERN OHIO, LLC ‘
D|GE_STNE DISEASE CONSULTANTS
1299 INDUSTRIAL PARKWAY NORTH. STE 110
BRUNSWICK. OH 44212-6365

Patient Name:

Date at Birth:

Record Number: . '

Date: 01/23/2012 iTirne: 7:15 am

lnetnrments: Olympus PCF-H180AL video coionoscope
Referring Physician: Mark Lang MD

. Endoscoplst: DAVID B. MYERS. M.D.

Procedure Pertomred:
Coioncopy with cold biopsy
Colonoscopy with hot biopsy

Indications for Exam:
History of colon polyps

consent: -
lnforrned consent was obtained after the risks. -including but not limited to. bleeding. infection. perforation, allergic
reactions. missed lesions and possible need for surgery were explained

Medication:
versed 5mg N and Demerol 126mg IV

Procedure Technique: ' . -
Informed consent was obtained from the patient after explaining all the risks, including but not limited to
(perforation. bleedingflnfection and adverse effects tothe medldne), benefits and aitematives to the procedure
which the patient appeared to understand and so stated. The patient was connected to the monitoring devicesl
and placed in the left lateral position. Continuous oxygen was provided with a nasal mini and N medicine
administered thru and indwelling nnula. After adequate conscious sedation was achieved, a digitai exam was
performed and the colonscope introduced in to the rectum and advanced under direct visualization to the cecum.
The cecum was identiﬁed by visual landmarks. The scope was subsequently removed slowly while carefully
examining the color, texture, anatomy, and integrity of the mucosa on the way out. in the rectum, the scope was
retrofiexed to evaluate tor internal hemonhoids and anorectal pathology. The patient was subsequently transferred
to the recovery area in satisfactory condition.‘ ' ' , '
1

Findings: '

3mm benign-appearing rectal polyp; removed via hot biopsy.

Diffuse and extensive diverticulosis; most notable in the sigmoid; one orriﬁce in the descendning colon somewhat
erythematous; biopsies taken to rio divertioular colitis.

Suboptimal bowel prep‘, estimated 85% of thecolonic mucosa visualized.

Endoscopic Diagnosis:
As above.

. Recommendations: - I A l I /\ 

1- Follow-up on biopsy specimens
2- High ﬁber diet

3- Return to my office in 8 weeks
4» CBC wl diff

(39.4, Ah. tv~'\g.n_. \'w)_

01/23/2012 7:46 am

