University Hospitals .
Digestive Health Institute

 

Patient Name: Procedure Date: 7/1/2013 2 47 PM

MRN: Account Number:_

Date of Birth: Site: Ahuja Procedure Room 1
Attending MD: John A Dumot. D0

Procedure: Colonoscopy

Indications: High risk colon cancer surveillance Personal history of colonic polyps’

_ComorbIdltles

Hypertension, Asthma, Cer_eba| Palsy
Patient Profile: This is a 50 year old male
Providers: John A Dumot. D0 (Doctor)
Referring MD: LOl'l Kmiec Posk, MD
Requesting Provider: John A Dumot. DO
Medicines: Fentanyl IV 200 mcgs, 02 per Nasal Cannula 2 Ls. Valium IV 10 mgs
Complications: No immediate complications

Procedure: Pre-Anesthesia Assessment —

- Prior to the procedure, a History and Physical was performed, and ~ 

patient medications and allergies were reviewed The patient is J _

competent The risks and benefits of the procedure and the sedation

options and risks were discussed with the patient All questions were I_

answered and informed consent was obtained Patient identification and ill‘ I
proposed procedure were verified by the physician in the pre-procedure 1- 3

area Mental Status Examination alert and oriented Airway

Examination normal oropharyngeal airway and neck mobility

Respiratory Examination clear to auscultation CV Examination norm_al. ' -
Prophylactic Antibiotics The patient does not require prophylactic The Colo

antibiotics Prior Anticoagulants The patient has taken no

previous anticoagulant or antiplatelet agents ASA Grade Assessment lll - A patient w th severe
systemic disease After reviewing the risks and beneﬁts, the patient was deemed in sa isfactory
condition to undergo the procedure The anesthesia plan was to use moderate sedatio I analgesia
(conscious sedation) Immediately prior to administration of medications, the patient w s re-assessed
for adequacy to receive sedatives The heart rate. respiratory rate, oxygen saturations, blood pressure,
adequacy of pulmonary ventilation, and response to care were monitored throughout the procedure

The physical status of the patient was re-assessed after the procedure

After I obtained informed consent, the scope was passed under direct vision Throughout the

procedure. the patient's blood pressure, pulse. and oxygen saturations were monitored continuously . ,
The pediatric long colonoscope was introduced through the anus and advanced to the cecum, identified ;
by appendiceal orifice & ileocecal valve The colonoscopy was performed without difficulty The patient '
tolerated the procedure well The quality of the bowel preparation was excellent

Findings: ”

The perianal and digital rectal examinations were normal

Powered by Provation MD

Page 1 of3

nu .— —1.—.g_ :— a-_ sun...

University Hospitals
Digestive Health Institute

Patient Name: Procedure Date: 7/1 /201 3 2 47 PM

  

MRN: Account Number: — cl
Date of Birth: Site: Ahuja Procedure Ro m 1
Attending MD: o n umot, DO

A few small-mouthed diverticula were found in the sigmoid colon

 

H Sigmoid Colon

Diverticulu

Three sessile polyps were found in the transverse colon and in the ascending colon The polyps were sn
These polyps were removed with a cold snare Resection and retrieval were complete Estimated blood
minimal

The exam was othenivise without abnormality on direct and retroﬂexion views

wall in size
loss was

Add'l Images:

    
  

 

Ascending Colon Post
Procedure Transverse
colon. Ascending colon

Polypectomy - Multiple

Polyps Same Metho

      

Descending Colon Sigmoid Colon

Ascending Colon

Powered by Provation MD

Page 2 of 3

University Hospitals
Digestive Health Institute

Procedure Date:
Account Number:
Site:

Patient Name:
MRN:

Date of Birth:
Attending MD:

Ahuja Procedure Ro

 

m1

5 .
. 1,
:_.
ti
iii,’
a 
IZEI

 

. 3:;
Cecum I Descending Colon
Impression: - Diverticulosis in the sigmoid colon.
- Three'smaIl polyps in the transverse colon and in the ascending colon Resected and
- The examination was othenmse normal on direct and retroflexion views
Recommendation: - Repeat colonoscopy in 5 years for surveillance

Attending Participation:
I personally performed the’ entire procedure.

John A Dumot. DO
7/1/2013 3 38.42 PM

_ Number of Addenda: 0

Note Initiated On: 7/1/2013 2.47.24 PM
Estimated Blood Loss:

Estimated blood loss was minimal

retrieved.

' Powered by Provation MD

Page 3 of 3

