01/23/12 12:11 PM medr-rn.t‘. Faxo (330).-225-5531+ Page 2 of 2 IWIB75 as

Eaisatlowl

COLONOSCOPY PROCEDURE
ENDOSCOPY CENTER OF NORTHERN OHIO, LLC ‘
D|GE_STNE DISEASE CONSULTANTS
1299 INDUSTRIAL PARKWAY NORTH. STE 110
BRUNSWICK. OH 44212-6365

Petlent Name:

Date at Birth:

Record Number: . '

Date: 01/23/2012 (Time: 7:15 am

lnetnrments: Olympus PCF-H180AL vldeo colonoscope
Referring Physician: Mark Lang MD

. Endoscoplst: DAVID B. MYERS. M.D.

Procedure Pertomred:
Coloncopy with cold biopsy
Colonoscopy with hot biopsy

Indications for Exam:
History of colon polyps

consent: -
lnforrned consent was obtained after the risks. -Including but not limited to. bleeding. Infection. perforation, allergic
reactions. missed lesions and possible need for surgery were explalned

Medication:
versed 5mg N and Demerol 126mg IV

Procedure Technique: ' . -
Informed consent was obtained from the patient after explaining all the risks, Including but not llmlted to
(perforation. bleedlngflnfectlon and adverse effects tothe medldne), beneﬁts and altematlves to the procedure
which the patient appeared to understand and so stated. The patient was connected to the monitoring devicesl
and placed In the left lateral position. Continuous oxygen was provided with a nasal nnul and N medicine
administered thru and indwelling nnula. After adequate conscious sedation was achieved, a digital exam was
performed and the colonscope Introduced in to the rectum and advanced under direct visualization to the cecum.
The cecum was identiﬁed by visual landmarks. The scope was subsequently removed slowly while carefully
examining the color, texture, anatomy, and Integrity of the mucosa on the way out. In the rectum, the scope was
retroflexed to evaluate tor lntemal hemonhoids and anorectal pathology. The patient was subsequently transferred
to the recovery area in satisfactory condition.‘ ' ' , '
1

Findings: '

3mm benign-appearing rectal polyp; removed via hot biopsy.

Diffuse and extensive divertlculosis; most notable in the sigmoid; one orriﬁce in the descendning colon somewhat
erythematous; biopsies taken to rlo d'rvertioular colitis.

Suboptimal bowel prep‘, estimated 85% of theoolonlc mucosa visualized.

Endoscopic Diagnosis:
As above.

. Recommendations: - I A l I /\ 

1- Follow-up on biopsy specimens
2- High ﬁber diet

3- Return to my office in 8 weeks
4» CBC wl diff

(39.4, Ah. tv~'\g.n_. in,

01/23/2012 7:46 am

